Remove/replace mentions of pond (#519)
Actyx/Actyx: web/developer.actyx.com/docs/how-to/troubleshooting/app-to-node-communication.mdx

## Apps communicating with Actyx on Docker

> By default, all SDKs are trying to connect to Actyx on localhost. If your Actyx and app container are not both using the host's networking directly via `--network=host` (only available on Linux), you therefore need to manually specify the host and the port to let the SDK know where to reach Actyx.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the SDK tries to connect to Actyx on localhost. If your Actyx and app container are not both using the host's networking directly via `--network=host` (only available on Linux), you therefore need to manually specify the host and the port to let the SDK know where to reach Actyx.
```
